Version 3.8
===========

Here are main changes and news in version 3.8.

Configuration
-------------

One of the major changes in Phraseanet 3.8 is in the configuration.
*config/config.yml*, *config/services.yml* and *config/connexions.yml* files
disappear for a unique *configuration.yml* file.

There is no more environment to declare and configuration is compiled in plain
PHP to get the benefit of the `opcode cache`_.

Configuration is automatically upgraded during the upgrade procedure. Detailed
informations about the configuration are available in its
:doc:`documentation<../Configuration>`.

.. warning::

    As configuration is now compiled, on any change
    La configuration étant maintenant compilée, à chaque modification du fichier
    config/configuration.yml, il faudra la recompiler manuellement sans quoi
    celle-ci ne sera pas prise en compte.
    Utiliser la commande :ref:`bin/console compile:configuration<configuration-compilation>`
    pour cela.

Virual host configuration
-------------------------

Virtual host configuration is now simplified. SendFile (Nginx) and XSendFile
(Apache) are now easily configured with `bin/console xsendfile:dump-configuration`
and `bin/console xsendfile:generate-mapping` commands.

:doc:`Senfile (Nginx)<../Configuration/Nginx>` and
:doc:`XSenfile (Apache)<../Configuration/Apache>` dedicated documentation will
help to upgrade settings.

Application
-----------

- Report loading duration has been improved. A new view about export by mail
  has been added.
- Baskets can now be deleted from the baskets browser.
- Add plugins support. (Add link to documentation)

User account time limits
************************

User account time limits can now be edited per databox (updates all collections
in the databox).

..warning::

    Be careful, time litmits are a now applied on template application.

Localization
************

Collections, databoxes, status-bits and description fields are now localizables
via their "label" property.

Documentation structure
***********************

Documentation structure interface has been completely rewritten. Fields can now
be localized and they can be sorted.

Authentication
**************

Authentication now accepts providers (Facebook, Twitter, Viadeo, Github,
Linkedin, Google-Plus). Read more in :doc:`configuration <../Configuration>` for
activation.

API
---

Permalinks HTTP headers now include a `Link` header that points to a JSON view
of the caption.

Search Engine
-------------

- SphinxSearch engine is now stable. See
  :ref:`search-engine documentation <search-engine-service-configuration>`
- Phrasea Engine now supports stemming. When searching for "conspiracy", documents
  indexed with "conspirators" will be returned. This feature requires activation
  of the option in "Indexation" task and full databoxes re-indexing.

Email notifications
-------------------

- Email notifications are now sent in HTML format.
  (Add a link to email customization).
- TLS Authentication is now supported to email server (Only SSL was previously
  supported)
- A subject prefix can be configured (nice for email filters).
- Mail server connection can be tested with `bin/console mail:test`.

Console commands
----------------

Some commands disappear :

- `bin/console check:system` is replaced by `bin/setup check:system`.
- `bin/console system:upgrade` is replaced by `bin/setup system:upgrade`.
- `bin/console check:ensure-production-settings` and `bin/console check:ensure-dev-settings`
  are replaced by `bin/console check:config`.

- `bin/console` requires functional Phraseanet install whereas `bin/setup`
  can be executed without installation.
- Phraseanet can now be installed with the command `bin/setup system:install`.
- Add gzip and bzip2 compression to backup command `bin/console system:backup-db`

.. _opcode cache: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_PHP_accelerators
.. _bin/console compile:configuration: ../Console
.. _RFC 5988: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5988
